fix: implement f.router to prevent usage of satisfies (#156)
pingdotgg/uploadthing: .changeset/serious-bikes-raise.md

---
"uploadthing": patch
---

> feat: f.router function to define uploadThing routers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: introcude `f.router` helper to define routers without the `satisfies` keyword
```
